art|Nghe thuat
world|The gioi
information|Thong tin
map|Ban do
two|Hai
family|Gia dinh
government|Chinh phu
health|Suc khoe
system|He thong
computer|May tinh
meat|Thit
year|Nam
thanks|Loi cam on
music|Am nhac
person|Nguoi
reading|Cach doc
method|Phuong phap
data|Du lieu
food|Thuc an
understanding|Hieu biet
theory|Ly thuyet
law|Phap luat
bird|Chim
literature|Van chuong
problem|Van de
software|Phan mem
control|Kiem soat
knowledge|Kien thuc
power|Quyen luc
ability|Kha nang
economics|Kinh te hoc
love|Tinh Yeu
internet|Internet
television|Tivi
science|Khoa hoc
library|Thu vien
nature|Ban chat
fact|Viec
product|San pham
idea|Y kien
temperature|Nhiet do
investment|Dau tu
area|Khu vuc
society|Xa hoi
activity|Hoat dong
story|Cau chuyen
industry|Nganh cong nghiep
media|Phuong tien truyen thong
thing|nhung vat
oven|Lo nuong
community|Cong dong
definition|Dinh nghia
safety|Su an toan
quality|Chat luong
development|Phat trien
language|Ngon ngu
management|Quan ly
player|Nguoi choi
variety|Nhieu
video|Video
week|Tuan
security|An ninh
country|Nuoc
exam|Thi
movie|Phim
organization|Co quan
equipment|Thiet bi
physics|Vat ly
analysis|Nghien cuu
policy|Chinh sach
series|Loat
thought|Tu tuong
basis|Can cu
boyfriend|Ban trai
direction|Phuong huong
strategy|Chien luoc
technology|Cong nghe
army|Quan doi
camera|May chup hinh
freedom|Su tu do
paper|Giay
environment|Moi truong
child|Tre em
instance|Truong hop
month|Thang
truth|Su that
marketing|Thi truong
university|Truong dai hoc
writing|Viet
article|Dieu khoan
department|Bo
difference|Khac nhau
goal|Muc tieu
news|Tin tuc
audience|Khan gia
fishing|Danh ca
growth|Tang truong
income|Loi tuc
marriage|Hon nhan
user|Nguoi su dung
combination|Phoi hop
failure|That bai
meaning|Nghia
medicine|Y hoc
philosophy|Triet hoc
teacher|Giao vien
communication|Lien lac
night|Dem
chemistry|Hoa hoc
disease|Can benh
disk|Dia
energy|Nang luong
nation|Quoc gia
road|Duong
role|Vai tro
soup|Soup
advertising|Quang cao
location|Vi tri
success|Su thanh cong
addition|Them vao
apartment|Can ho
education|Su giao duc
math|Toan hoc
moment|Choc lat
painting|Buc tranh
politics|Chinh tri
attention|Chu y
decision|Phan quyet
event|Bien co
property|Bat dong san
shopping|Muasam
student|Sinh vien
wood|Go
competition|Cuoc thi
distribution|Phan phat
entertainment|Giai tri
office|Van phong
population|Dan so
president|Chu tich
unit|Don vi
category|The loai
cigarette|Thuoc la
context|Boi canh
introduction|Su gioi thieu
opportunity|Co hoi
performance|Hieu suat
driver|Nguoi lai xe
flight|Chuyen bay
length|Chieu dai
magazine|Tap chi
newspaper|Bao
relationship|Moi quan he
teaching|Giang day
cell|Te bao
dealer|Nguoi chia bai
debate|Tranh luan
finding|Phat hien
lake|Ho
member|Thanh vien
message|Thong diep
phone|Dien thoai
scene|San khau
appearance|Xuat hien
association|Su ket hop
concept|Khai niem
customer|Khach hang
death|Su chet
discussion|Thao luan
housing|Nha o
inflation|Su lam phat
insurance|Bao hiem
mood|Khi sac
woman|Dan ba
advice|Loi khuyen
blood|Mau
effort|Co gang
expression|Bieu hien
importance|Tam quan trong
opinion|Y kien
payment|Thanh toan
reality|Thuc te
responsibility|Trach nhiem
situation|Tinh hinh
skill|Ky nang
statement|Tuyen bo
wealth|Su giau co
application|Ung dung
city|Thanh pho
